Update playbooks_error_handling.rst (#73430)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/user_guide/playbooks_error_handling.rst

      ansible.builtin.command: /bin/false
      ignore_errors: yes

> The ``ignore_errors`` directive only works when the task is able to run and returns a value of 'failed'. It does not make Ansible ignore undefined variable errors, execution issues (for example, missing packages), or syntax errors. But it is not a good practice to always handle errors using ``ignore_errors``, because the task might fail due to poor internet connection and your other tasks might depend on this task.

Reviewer: I find the original wording a lot clearer, this is not a question of 'good practice' but of what it does and does not cover.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this adds much clarity to the original.

> The ``ignore_errors`` directive only works when the task is able to run and returns a value of 'failed'. It does not make Ansible ignore undefined variable errors, execution issues (for example, missing packages), or syntax errors. But it's not a good practice to always handle the exceptions using "ignore_errors", because the task might fail due to poor internet connection and your other task may depend on this task.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The ``ignore_errors`` directive only works when the task is able to run and returns a value of 'failed'. It does not make Ansible ignore undefined variable errors, execution issues (for example, missing packages), or syntax errors. But it is not a good practice to always handle errors using ``ignore_errors``, because the task might fail due to poor internet connection and your other tasks might depend on this task.
```
